# Replacement (with TYPES)
This assignment asks you to imagine that you need to send an email to a lot of different people.
For the most part, that email is the same for all the people, excpet for their name and a few other details that are specific to each person.
* Write a fictional email that may need to be sent to more than 10 people.
* Create at least 5 varriables that would be specific to each person getting the email.
  * At least one varrialbe should be a string
  * At least one varriable should be a double
  * At least one varriable should be an int
  * At least one varriable should be a boolean
* Create static final constant varriables for each of these for some specific person you invent.
* Make sure the code compiles, runs, and shows a visually satisfying email in the command console.
* Make the email as silly as you like, but it should be recognizable as a form (AKA:SPAM) email.


# Processing #
Using the varriables you created preform at least one of the following operations:
* Addition
* Conditional check with a boolean
* Conditional check with a string
* String concatination with a string
* String concatination with a number


# LoopIt!
Use a FOR LOOP to quickly generate 10 identical copies of this email


# Loop and Process
Use the index counter in your FOR LOOP to do additional processing:
* Exclude certain sentences from your email, depending on whether it is the 2nd, 3rd, 4th (etc) in the loop.
* Do a math operation using one of the varriable numbers and you index counter
* Use the RANDOM object (requires an IMPORT statement) to change a string varriable in randomly selected emails generated by your loop.


# Loop, Process, and Customize (with ITERATION)
Let's get a little more real now.
Of course you wouldn't want to send the same person the same email, instead you would want to send different people customized emails. To do that, we will need a list to keep track of all the people who we want to send the email to:
* Make a list of at least 6 unique names
* Use those unique names to generate your emails.
* Use the unique name for each email.


# Process 2 Dimensions
Instead of using the same PROPERTIES for each email recipient, let's make new properties for each person in your list. This will require a list-of-list or a 2 diemensional array of Strings.
```
String[][] targetCustomers = new String[][]{
  { "Tim Walker", "Capricorn", "6", "2.7", "false", "dog" },
  ...
};
```

# Process 3 Dimensions
Let's get even more real-world and imagine we want to market to all the freinds of each person in our list. To do so, we will need to add a element in the array that is itself a list!
```
String[][][] targetCustomers = new String[][][]{
  {
    {"Tim Walker"},
    {
      "Sue Smith", null, "Picies", "5", "3.9", "true", "cat"
    },
    {"Capricorn"},
    {"6"},
    ...
  },
  ...
};
```
To make things a little less tedious, you now only need 5 contacts and only 3 of them need to have friends, but at least one of those should have at least 2 friends. The friends do not need freinds.

## Submission
Once you have completed the assignment, create a pull request to submit your code. Please ensure your code is well-documented and follows the coding standards discussed in class.

## Resources
- [Java Documentation](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/)
- [GitHub Guide: Forking Projects](https://guides.github.com/activities/forking/)
